[SDCT-837] Document new Test Impact Analysis limitations (#38631)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/test_impact_analysis/_index.md

- If GitHub is your source code management provider, use the `ITR:NoSkip` label (case insensitive) to prevent Test Impact Analysis from skipping tests in pull requests. To use this feature, configure the GitHub App using the [GitHub integration tile][9] with the `Software Delivery: Collect Pull Request Information` feature enabled. This mechanism does not work with tests executed on GitHub actions triggered by `pull_request` events.
- You can add a list of [excluded branches](#excluded-branches), which disables Test Impact Analysis in those branches.

## Limitations and expected behavior

> Test Impact Analysis decides which tests to skip by matching the files each test covers against the files a commit changes. The behaviors below are the known cases where that matching is intentionally conservative, so you know what to expect.

Reviewer: "below" is directional language — the editorial reference calls for "the following" instead, and directional references break when content is re-chunked for AI retrieval.

```suggestion
Test Impact Analysis decides which tests to skip by matching the files each test covers against the files a commit changes. The following behaviors are the known cases where that matching is intentionally conservative, so you know what to expect.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">All of the behaviors in this section are safe by design: they can only cause <strong>more</strong> tests to run, never cause a test to be skipped when it should have run. For code changes that Datadog cannot detect automatically, see <a href="#out-of-the-box-configuration-limitations">Out-of-the-box configuration limitations</a>.</div>

### Scale limits

> To keep analysis fast and predictable, Test Impact Analysis applies a few size limits. Each one is safe: it can only result in more tests running.

Reviewer: The second sentence repeats the guarantee already made in the alert directly above. "To keep analysis fast and predictable" is also filler, and "a few size limits" is vaguer than the three specific limits that follow.

```suggestion
Test Impact Analysis applies the following size limits:
```

> - Datadog analyzes up to the 100 most recent commits for a change. On very large changesets, some older commits may not be analyzed, so slightly fewer tests are skipped.

Reviewer: Vale flags `very` (`Datadog.words`). "On large changesets" carries the same meaning.

- If a single commit changes more than 5,000 files, that commit is not analyzed for impact, and its tests are run rather than skipped.
- If a single test or suite covers more than 16,000 files, it is not skipped.

> ### Accuracy

Reviewer: `### Accuracy` is a generic heading — a weak retrieval anchor for AI, and it tells a skimmer nothing. Something like `### False positives in coverage matching` names the actual content.

> To check whether a test covers a changed file efficiently, Datadog uses a space-efficient probabilistic data structure (a Bloom filter). These structures have a small, inherent false-positive rate (approximately 0.04%), so a very small fraction of tests that could have been skipped may run anyway. This never causes a test to be skipped when it should have run.

Reviewer: Misplaced modifier: as written, "efficiently" attaches to "a changed file" rather than to "check." "Efficiently" and "space-efficient" also collide in the same sentence. And the comma in "small, inherent" is wrong — those aren't coordinate adjectives (you wouldn't say "small and inherent").

```suggestion
To check whether a test covers a changed file, Datadog uses a space-efficient probabilistic data structure (a Bloom filter). These structures have a small inherent false-positive rate (approximately 0.04%), so a small fraction of tests that could have been skipped may run anyway.
```

This also clears Vale's `very` warning and shortens a 30-word sentence. I dropped the trailing "This never causes a test to be skipped when it should have run" since the alert above already states that guarantee — restore it if you'd rather keep the reassurance here.

> If Test Impact Analysis behaves unexpectedly, see the [Troubleshooting][12] page for symptom-based guidance.

Reviewer: "symptom-based guidance" is mildly jargony. "See the [Troubleshooting][12] page" alone does the job, or "for guidance organized by symptom."

## Limitations and expected behavior

Test Impact Analysis decides which tests to skip by matching the files each test covers against the files a commit changes. The behaviors below are the known cases where that matching is intentionally conservative, so you know what to expect.

<div class="alert alert-info">All of the behaviors in this section are safe by design: they can only cause <strong>more</strong> tests to run, never cause a test to be skipped when it should have run. For code changes that Datadog cannot detect automatically, see <a href="#out-of-the-box-configuration-limitations">Out-of-the-box configuration limitations</a>.</div>

### Code coverage

Test Impact Analysis relies on code coverage collected from previous test runs. Suite-level coverage is reliable and is what Test Impact Analysis uses to decide which tests to skip. For very large test suites, per-test (line-level) coverage may occasionally be unavailable. When it is, Datadog marks the affected test with a missing-coverage indicator, so you can tell a test with no covered lines apart from one whose per-test coverage was not recorded.

> Per-test code coverage is collected for Java, JavaScript, .NET, and Go. It is not collected for Ruby, Python, or Swift. See [Code coverage backfilling](#code-coverage-backfilling) for how tests skipped by Test Impact Analysis are accounted for in your total reported coverage.

Author: remove this

Code coverage backfilling is supported for Java, .NET, Go, and JavaScript. It is not supported for Ruby, Python, or Swift.

> Backfilling is best-effort. For very large test suites, the coverage of some tests skipped by Test Impact Analysis may not be backfilled, so the reported total coverage can be slightly lower than the true coverage. This does not affect which tests are skipped.

Reviewer: 30-word middle sentence, plus a `very` warning from Vale. Splitting it also lets "This does not affect..." get a real subject instead of a bare "This." Note `best-effort` -> `best effort`: compound modifiers generally lose the hyphen in predicate position.

```suggestion
Backfilling is best effort. For large test suites, the coverage of some tests skipped by Test Impact Analysis may not be backfilled. As a result, the reported total coverage can be slightly lower than the true coverage. Backfilling does not affect which tests are skipped.
```
